
1. What are some similarities and differences you can see with JS and Python?
> Python seems more robust as a lenguage. Javascript is a little less strict. I really enjoy the lack of {} evreywhere, makes code look way cleaner. The one thing that I didnt enjoy python was the creating modules and importing them to another file. I really also enjoy pip and also enjoy making my own requirements folder vs getting that automatically. I do like the JS documentation way better, Python docs where less than ideal for learning if you are a visual person.
1. If you had started with Python instead of JS, how do you think the Bootcamp would be different? Would you have benefited?
> I dont think it would have been much differernt. I think starting out having a visual representation of code on the browser is better with JS. JS is more visual since it manipulates the markup lenguage.
1. Think of a project or tech based tool that you use often and think about what the database structure might look like for it. Do you feel like you have a better understanding of how it works now and could you see yourself enjoying building something like that in the future? 
> Man, I crave building out a database for a project I am building. Thinking through the normalization is something I really enjoyed. I am excited to learn more in the Django queries vs the Sql queries. One of the questions I learned to ask is how do I not repeate data. Thinking through how to not repeate data and code is an artform. I Want to be an artist. 